
Some historical notes and trivia...

None of the original use cases or chat client code have been retained
in favor of a clean break from the java 1.0 era that this was designed
around.  Now is the chance to engineer something really great with a
parsimonious code-base and protocol.

This project was originally part of the Collaborative Healthcare
Environment (CHE) project at OSD/Tricare in 1996 which was a collaboration and
therafter competitor with Miter's Collaborative Virtual Workstation
(CVW on Sourceforge).

None of the original documentation, white papers, project status
reports, or requirements documents remain.  None of the previous
software staff has been in touch.  This code had at one time been
worked on under no less than 5 contract monies but may be closer to a
dozen.  This is the revival of an early 1st version development
snapshot.  3 applications and source trees were at least prototyped
with different enhancements such as domain gateways, applet delivery,
and pre-xml era html forms and tag parsing for use in push-model agent
transactions.

Additionally a fellow by the name of Patrick Hollins built and
integrated a corresponding file-store called soops and poops in a
package called oops.  This used sockets to request files from a secure
mangled remote file tree.

A visual basic embedded browser was written with a Cheetah motif and
the source code was promptly lost the following day.  This would open
up MS-Windows explorer folders with poops files and web pages guided
by the owch-chat interactions of the users of the CHE system.  Users
could trade and persist documents seamlessly in a windows environment
using jdk 1.0 as the centerpeice application. Don't ever try this at
home.  (The modern day equivalent of CHE's architecture turns out to be
ICQ-- A thin universal client with just enough smarts to spawn other
apps.)

The test plan originally propsed for the owch kernel was rejected time
& time again by the funding parties.  Basically it was the goal to
make the namespace routing robust enough to survive in warfare
settings, and we requested a hand grenade be used in a field
simulation of network stress.